
  Ya it's Nice to Use...., But this is not a Gaming Mobile...., this is not a Faster mobile...., This is Just a Mobile for Android Learners....,

  it is quite a good phone, serving all my needs

  Awesome phone and very nice features quick touch response and good battery backup and also delivered on time by amazon thank u for your great service.

  Bought Device, as Samsung reduced the cost to Rs.7,900/-But I'm Really disappointed after using.WVGA 800 x 480p screen Pixels resolution for 4.5 inch looks bad display, needed still better pixel resolution(900x540p) with wide viewing angle.Samsung Claims this as Successor of Galaxy Core Duos with Quad core Processor, But Fact is most of the features are removed to reduce the cost.Cons:Bad Camera Performance,No Light sensor.Performance is slightly improved than Core Duos by providing Quad Core Processor. But Device heats and lag some times while playing Higher end Games, Only 700MB RAM provided, Needed 1GB RAM for handy performance.It's maybe 1.2Ghz broadcom chip set, should have tried Qualcomm snapdragon 400 instead. Samsung kindly don't make customers unsatisfied.If you are a gamer, be completely away from this.Google's Android One with Micromax is far better for price Rs.6,000/-Click this review helpful, if you agree. So new buyers be-aware, And Samsung notice and make further development as per Need, and also fix the price as Features Provided.

  I bought this phone 2 months back in sep since then i m using it , have not tried hardcore gaming but i dont see anything  problematic. This phone is absolutly fine now the price has dropped makes  good choice to go for. I think this phone has been overcticized.

  I Purchased 2 Handsets of the Samsung Galaxy Core 2 SM-G355H (Black), 1st on 23-12-2014 which was perfectly Okay and the Set and Battery were of 'November 2014' Batches, but the 2nd Handset with accompanying Battery that I bought in January 2015were of 'June 2014' Batches. I find the Battery to be Weak from the very Start. The Seller has be Careful to Dispatch Products of Current Batches to Buyers Consistently so as to maintain the Goodwill of 'amazon.in'.

  Excellent

  I bought this phone before one month and I am fully disappointed with its performance. From the second day after purchasing the device, it began restart automatically, without any reason. The problem still continues...
